### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL - open source relational database management system, expands the SQL.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL - structured query language, a human-readable language for relational databses.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
$ psql database_name

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
'HAVING' - Determine which grouped results to keep
'WHERE' - 	Decide which rows to use

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
'INNER' - only rows that match the condition in both tables.
'OUTER' - all rows from both tables.


- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
left - all the rows from first table (left) wtih amtching rows from the second table (right).
right - the matching rows from the first tabl(left), combined with all the rows from the second table(right).

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
Object relational mapping, technique that allows you query and manipulate data from database using object-oriented paradigm. 

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX and from the server side using a library like `requests`?

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
Cross-Site Request Forgery
1.generated by server when form is shown
2.included in the HTML of the form
3.is checked by server on form submission

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
Generates hidden field that includes the CSRF token that is used to protect the form against CSRF attacks.

